README.md, before:

# bgg
scripts for using the boardgamegeek api

## root directory
This houses the primary python script for fetching and formatting game titles and plays for a BGG user. It's built using python 3.10, but the only special dependency it requires so far is the `requests` library.

> `python getplays.py {start date} {end date} {bgg username}`

The dates have to be in a `YYYY-MM-DD` format. I'm still working on the error handling, so if it returns an empty response from a slow BGG API call, rerunning often gives a better result.

Obviously, the BGG account has to have logged plays for this to work. Once verified, the basic script will be extended in various ways, and placed in language-labeled subdirectories.

## python-click
This contains an expanded version of the basic script, converted into a UNIX-style command line tool with the `click` library. That means the arguments can be in any order.

Fetch the last 7 days:
> `python get_plays.py -u {bgg username}`

Use custom start and end dates:
> `python get_plays.py -u {bgg username} -s {start date} -e {end date}`

The dates do not have to be in a `YYYY-MM-DD` format, but I haven't fully tested the `dateutil.parser` submodule. Something like "April 1, 2023" should work.

This gives a summary of the required and optional arguments:
> `python get_plays.py --help`

Commit message:

new-to-me sorts by user rating, updated readme

README.md, after:

# bgg
scripts for using the boardgamegeek api

## root directory
This houses the primary python script for fetching and formatting game titles and plays for a BGG user. It's built using python 3.10, but the only special dependency it requires so far is the `requests` library.

> `python getplays.py {start date} {end date} {bgg username}`

The dates have to be in a `YYYY-MM-DD` format. I'm still working on the error handling, so if it returns an empty response from a slow BGG API call, rerunning often gives a better result.

Obviously, the BGG account has to have logged plays for this to work. Once verified, the basic script will be extended in various ways, and placed in language-labeled subdirectories.

## python-click
This contains an expanded version of the basic script, converted into a UNIX-style command line tool with the `click` library. That means the arguments can be in any order.

However, you have to supply a subcommand to the program to specify the kind of list you want:
* `all` lists all the gameplays within the time period, sorted by number of plays
* `new` lists the games new to your collection statistics, sorted by user rating
* `deep` lists the games that are unranked by BGG, or have a BGG ranking of at least some threshold (specified by the `-t` flag)

Fetch the last 7 days:
> `python get_plays.py all -u {bgg username}`

Use custom start and end dates:
> `python get_plays.py all -u {bgg username} -s {start date} -e {end date}`

The dates do not have to be in a `YYYY-MM-DD` format, but I haven't fully tested the `dateutil.parser` submodule. Something like "April 1, 2023" should work.

This gives a summary of the required and optional arguments:
> `python get_plays.py --help`
